Update upgrade documentation (#526)
nginx/agent: hugo/content/upgrading.md

doctypes: ["task"]
---

> ## Upgrade the NGINX Agent from version v2.31.0 or greater

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrade NGINX Agent from version v2.31.0 or greater
```

> {{< important >}} In version v2.31.0 of the NGINX Agent, the behavior has changed so that the NGINX Agent will automatically restart itself during an upgrade. {{< /important >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< important >}} Starting from version v2.31.0, NGINX Agent will automatically restart itself during an upgrade. {{< /important >}}
```

Here and going forward, we don't add "the" in front of NGINX products as per the style guide.

> To upgrade the NGINX Agent, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade NGINX Agent, follow these steps:
```

> 1. Open an SSH connection to the server where you’ve installed the NGINX Agent and log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open an SSH connection to the server where you’ve installed NGINX Agent and log in.
```

1. Make a backup copy of the following locations to ensure that you can successfully recover if the upgrade has issues:

    - `/etc/nginx-agent`
    - `config_dirs` values for any configuration specified in `/etc/nginx-agent/nginx-agent.conf`

> 1. Install the updated version of the NGINX Agent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the updated version of NGINX Agent:
```

    - CentOS, RHEL, RPM-Based

        ```shell
        sudo yum -y makecache
        sudo yum update -y nginx-agent
        ```

    - Debian, Ubuntu, Deb-Based

        ```shell
        sudo apt-get update
        sudo apt-get install -y --only-upgrade nginx-agent -o Dpkg::Options::="--force-confold"
        ```

> ## Upgrade the NGINX Agent from a version less than v2.31.0
> 
> To upgrade the NGINX Agent, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrade NGINX Agent from a version less than v2.31.0

To upgrade NGINX Agent, take the following steps:
```
